= redmine_dnoise_workload

This is a a plugin for Redmine version 2.2.0, 2.2.1, 2.2.2.
It is compatible with the following Redmine versions:
* 2.2.0
* 2.2.1
* 2.2.2

Thanks to speedy for his internalization modification & dnoise for his original works.

= Description
This plugin uses graphics to represent total workloads and also the workload involved in the following tasks:
* Average time assigned to issues. The plugin shows the amount of hours per issues within a project
as well as the total of hours assigned to that project. Different colours are assigned to each issue.
* This application also represents the % of hours used against the % of hours estimated for a issue. It
also indicates the amount of extra time used over the initial estimate. In addition to this, the plugin
also advise if a project doesn’t have assigned and also beginning and end dates.
* This plug-in determines the timing of an application, showing different status: on time, delayed, etc
* This plugin is especially helpful in organisations with a high workload and/or an organisation with
scarce human resources

= Requirements
* Redmine 2.2.0 / Redmine 2.2.1 / Redmine 2.2.2

= Installation
* Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
* Cd to your redmine plugins/ dir
* Git-clone the plugin from this repo into a folder in there (git clone git://github.com/hshield/redmine_dnoise_workload redmine_dnoise_workload)
* Run the plugin migrations +rake redmine:plugins:migrate+
* Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
* Login to your Redmine install as an Administrator
* Setup the permissions for the Workload module for your roles

= Notes
* The Workload module in the Project's page isn't used. So, you can enable / disable it with no effects to the Workload page at all

= Releases

== version 2.0
* Fix: issues in the chart aren't showing if they are in the first week of the calendar
* Change the page header to make it similar to other Redmine pages
* The chart's header will stay at the top when the scrolling the graph up/down. This way, it is easier to see the date

== version 1.1
* Change the default view to current user's workload to speed up processing time

== version 1.0
* Modified for Redmine version 2.2.0
* Add the +View Workload+ permission
